README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Use Secrets lab!

This lab is an exercise to check your knowledge on using secrets in GitHub Actions workflows. It is automatically graded via a workflow once you have completed the instructions.

**Quick links:**

- [About this lab](#about-this-lab)
- [Instructions](#instructions)
- [Seeing your result](#seeing-your-result)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Useful resources](#useful-resources)

## About this lab

:warning: A grading script exists under `.github/workflows/grading.yml`. You do not need to use this workflow for any purpose and **altering its contents will affect the repository's ability to assess your lab and give feedback.**

:warning: This lab utilizes [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions), which is free for public repositories and self-hosted runners, but may incur charges on private repositories. See _[About billing for GitHub Actions]_ to learn more.

:information_source: The use of GitHub actions also means that it may take the grading workflow a few seconds and sometimes minutes to run.

## Instructions

<!-- Specific instructions for your lab -->

Please complete the instructions below:

1. Create your own copy of this repository by using the [Use this template](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template#creating-a-repository-from-a-template) button.
2. Create a new, or use an existing Personal Access Token that has the `repo` scope enabled.
3. Create a new secret in your copy of this repository that contains the value of the Personal Access Token you wish to use.
4. Edit the `use-secrets.yml` workflow to use this secret as the `your-secret` value on the last line.

<!-- Add your steps below starting with step 2 -->

## Seeing your result

Your lab is graded automatically once you have completed the instructions. To see the result of your lab, <!-- specify expected Looking Glass display_type -->, <!-- specific place to look -->.

If the workflow failed, scroll down to the **Annotations** section to check what went wrong.

See _[Viewing workflow run history]_ if you need assistance.

## Troubleshooting

If the grading workflow does not automatically run after you complete the instructions, run the troubleshooter: in the **Actions** tab select the **Grading workflow**, click **Run workflow**, select the appropriate branch, and click the **Run workflow** button.

See _[Running a workflow on GitHub]_ if you need assistance.

## Useful resources

Use these to help you!

Resources specific to this lab:

- [Events that trigger workflows - GitHub Docs]
- [Personal Access Token - GitHub Docs]
<!-- - Add further resources for the learner -->

Resources for working with labs and GitHub Actions in general:

- [Creating a repository from a template]
- [Viewing workflow run history]
- [Running a workflow on GitHub]
- [About billing for GitHub Actions]
- [GitHub Actions]

<!--
Links used throughout this README:
-->
<!-- Edit the links below to be relevant -->

[events that trigger workflows - github docs]: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#schedule
[cron examples - crontab.guru]: https://crontab.guru/examples.html
[creating a repository from a template]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template
[viewing workflow run history]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/viewing-workflow-run-history
[running a workflow on github]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow#running-a-workflow-on-github
[about billing for github actions]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/about-billing-for-github-actions
[github actions]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions
[personal access token - github docs]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token

Commit message:

let learner figure out how to use the compelte key-value pair for the secret

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Use Secrets lab!

This lab is an exercise to check your knowledge on using secrets in GitHub Actions workflows. It is automatically graded via a workflow once you have completed the instructions.

**Quick links:**

- [About this lab](#about-this-lab)
- [Instructions](#instructions)
- [Seeing your result](#seeing-your-result)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Useful resources](#useful-resources)

## About this lab

:warning: A grading script exists under `.github/workflows/grading.yml`. You do not need to use this workflow for any purpose and **altering its contents will affect the repository's ability to assess your lab and give feedback.**

:warning: This lab utilizes [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions), which is free for public repositories and self-hosted runners, but may incur charges on private repositories. See _[About billing for GitHub Actions]_ to learn more.

:information_source: The use of GitHub actions also means that it may take the grading workflow a few seconds and sometimes minutes to run.

## Instructions

<!-- Specific instructions for your lab -->

Please complete the instructions below:

1. Create your own copy of this repository by using the [Use this template](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template#creating-a-repository-from-a-template) button.
2. Create a new, or use an existing Personal Access Token that has the `repo` scope enabled.
3. Create a new secret in your copy of this repository that contains the value of the Personal Access Token you wish to use.
4. Pass the secret to the local action `check-secrets-action`. The action is used in a workflow titled `use-secrets.yml`.

<!-- Add your steps below starting with step 2 -->

## Seeing your result

Your lab is graded automatically once you have completed the instructions. To see the result of your lab, <!-- specify expected Looking Glass display_type -->, <!-- specific place to look -->.

If the workflow failed, scroll down to the **Annotations** section to check what went wrong.

See _[Viewing workflow run history]_ if you need assistance.

## Troubleshooting

If the grading workflow does not automatically run after you complete the instructions, run the troubleshooter: in the **Actions** tab select the **Grading workflow**, click **Run workflow**, select the appropriate branch, and click the **Run workflow** button.

See _[Running a workflow on GitHub]_ if you need assistance.

## Useful resources

Use these to help you!

Resources specific to this lab:

- [Events that trigger workflows - GitHub Docs]
- [Personal Access Token - GitHub Docs]
<!-- - Add further resources for the learner -->

Resources for working with labs and GitHub Actions in general:

- [Creating a repository from a template]
- [Viewing workflow run history]
- [Running a workflow on GitHub]
- [About billing for GitHub Actions]
- [GitHub Actions]

<!--
Links used throughout this README:
-->
<!-- Edit the links below to be relevant -->

[events that trigger workflows - github docs]: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#schedule
[cron examples - crontab.guru]: https://crontab.guru/examples.html
[creating a repository from a template]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template
[viewing workflow run history]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/viewing-workflow-run-history
[running a workflow on github]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow#running-a-workflow-on-github
[about billing for github actions]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/about-billing-for-github-actions
[github actions]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions
[personal access token - github docs]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token
